DeVuIn'etribusthoraci& ᾧ·

Meam?-rosaceoomphaciumvnci.ij.oleoca· spicandumzamenexitabffiomedicam&

‘³333&³531ma‘emeffi,vnci.j.sandalisrubeis‚r0s1s5213. 10,quodcominezrofhceimeffisexcola·

⁷ ,ᾗς appan}dragm.j.&sem.b010armen0,dragm,vj. tiqencissiiij.texebi'nthinaeegtbetQvncij.

Μ caerQquodsatisfit,&post{abignecaeri ordeaceae farssnaejvncz j.qu0e21fa&o‚2 ,
&'olealiquefastaseparaueris,superaddi vterefflxteriusverosupravuinas,&cir-

, {opuluereeorfiquaemododiximu5‚& cumambientesparteS,vngu5mmimpo-
ouicfididfiadhnbibition5vsq3 agitab35,‘ nitogummienhemi‚&quanuiselconci
nanq3vngubtumhoqvtipfitisfimpiicia liatorediffi18.1.ada}iudintentum‚nem
(medum,&humorumaffluxionescohi peadvu}neracum fra&uracrane2pene-‹
bet,&dolorisleuidgatq3affeffijociro- trantgapphcemr,experimentotficomss1
horidiyvimhabet:defugverostupafle‘l pertum.est‚adhuiusmodivulnexansspa
carminatalanaffianngnecnondekigatu· rumconducere.Pusnanquequodintra
γκω]ειΐίᾗεὶοωοὶὶειηωῐ,ἱζιικνῑῇιπτῑὶεζ ςεῃὲεεῑέρεξῑοτὲερῑοὶερῑυωείὶ,εῑιοεεῑι ,
fingdehgaturamsupervzmnque hume· Sim}}}terhuicmabpotix‘kimum conae-Medm- v
ruQatquepero‘urapercurrereoporte· nizrefinaevnguemmamaffluuminscri-lgapqsama

s binQodveroaddecubitum‚&vulnera ptzmjmuhisenimopemttxlitycoastatn‘ffi
simmia:-tifitum,illudobseruabis,vtfiv1dnusin ex'ipsapmirefinwpxima,atquecaeraci- f
‘mm' aitiorialiquapartefig‚cruraquoadfieri trinaffiouassquaponifiemixtig&lique

poss—it‚reliquocorporefintsublimiorazfi faffisexcohtifq3perpannfimaaeiffiusqj
veroinjnferiori,alQuatenuseleueturg- perunffisokonardmo.subaffisffiadem
gertvtpuriexpessendocommodior102 'quoquevnguetosuperaddipoteffiquar-

ι πωςἀεῑυτλῖῑωηεῑυεωωεῃνυῖηωεοη- taponiosoliusgimienhemgidestoleae
'tingat,aegr0tfiipsumpronumsupravul'- aetiopicae,velg5m{,01eaffii‚vtplacegl³fi
nusiacereiubcbiszqu&sanguisputrigaut niol'ibrmamrahistaldemefficitvn- '
saniesabimocorporis5adexteriorame« guentumexoleoroi'aceo,completh- v
liusdefesawadsxperpemofieriid leonardino,afixncidj'sefinaepihi,tere·
honpossit‚curat'10nissakem&poreffler 'binthinqexbezo.afi.vnci;j‚gummienhe ¹
aliquod spatiumfiat,& tussiat, &snpra mijoppoponacis.ae=3.dragmiij.sepihgd}
vnguimm‘ vulnus decumbat. Sed interim spinahs mm.j.pu1uerecaudaeequinae herba'z,
quo ingui· medussaecuras112vngaturerg0‚medica· prop0fi‚nempeso'rdicieiahieomh aps1‚
ffiffiamento‚exoleosabinossrinostamaemefif assdragmjjffiemsaem,quodfitsms:cui
vngeda fine 'noexlumbricis ‚adipeanserino‚anatis·, addito crocipuluerem.scrnp.j. impones
ffjssw‘·muscillaginssbusaltheae,foen0graeei,&fe pssnoperfoxato‚vtsaniesaptiusfora'sex-A‘

’ minishni,afz.vsqueaddragm.i'1j.pulueri pellipofsit,qu0dcommyneinomnibus

buslumbg}corumsempdjpuluerecroci. vulneribusvxibifissDez'upexknifsimam,

· (παρ.ξεωὶε.ῐῡρεῑᾶὀάὶῑεωεωςυκΜή· atquetenuissimssmspongiaQquassnies
ciat,quospinafisipsamedussa,inguina, extrahatur‚&'1mbibatur‚adaptabis,Cae- ι Η
axilla&col}um,deliniantur.Postquam ten‘ssmffz.<3020÷2sede1u1‚sanguisq23eimus{iffi}

zmdanti verosaniesap'parueritaliqua:§Xeniemi- fortaffeeoncreaesdiscmiafffludmedicagum in.

{23:33¹busxnedicametisintravulnussaltem,ab,. ωεαεῡὲειῑιἀηόἐςχρετῑεείεω,ᾳδεοη-ζέω

Quaem&stinendaprorsus‘est,nehumiditatesquaek statexab'finthio,calamegtho‚artemifia,

{225⁰ '¹¹intrape&ussunt‚auge{cant‚q12}npotius floribaseamaeme-ffijanaemssj.mmmm
'⁴ emundantibus,2cdeficcamibusvtendfi, cffifiszssnoatqueffiellessncoffls,vehem& ³
[greoticisdeinde(firesbensscedat.)Au-¹ terct‘wtritssscmddizafinfarina·foenogrffif

ι 63ngth

 

